All right.
So in this quick lesson, I'd like to show you a shortcut that you can use to overwrite a data property
within our template.
We saw this earlier before with a view generated event object from an event like a click or an input.
Well, we have the same syntax that we can utilize whenever we are reacting to our own custom events
like handle input from the child text input component.
So let's begin by deleting the methods object right here and all of those associated methods.
So of course without those methods we need a way to overwrite the properties of Roland location in the
respective places right here.
So previously we were invoking the update roll method automatically, but what we can actually do in
line here is overwrite it right here.
Now, I generally prefer the method approach because it isolates the template which I think should be
pure HTML or as simple and as dumb as it can be from the JavaScript section where I think most of the
business logic should go.
But this is a valid option in view, and I do want you to be exposed to it in case you see it in other
code bases.
So whenever we're referencing a data property, in our view, we do not need the this keyword.
We can simply write it out by itself.
So we have a role data property and we can overwrite it with the equal sign.
And the question is what do we call this thing right here?
How do we get access to the payload that the text input is going to provide to us right here?
Well, the automatic name that view is going to give us is the exact same name that we saw earlier in
the course when we were reacting to a view generated event in line.
It's going to be the word event, but with a dollar sign in front of it.
So event is going to represent this dot value from the text input component, which is the text that
the user has entered up until that point.
So dollar sign event.
Now you may be curious, how does this work if we have multiple arguments here?
To be honest, I'm not quite sure.
But one thing you could do in case you don't know is to provide a second argument right here.
That's going to be an object with properties, and that way you'll have all of those properties on this
single event, which will be your entire object.
In this case, our event is a simple string with the text, so we can assume that it's just going to
be a string and automatically overwrite our row property with whatever that string payload happens to
be.
All right, so similarly down below here, instead of invoking the update location method that no longer
exists, we want to update the location, data, property.
And on the right side, we need access to whatever payload or data the child component has emitted with
its message.
That's called handle input.
That's the name of the event, but we want the actual data from that event and that is going to be available
via the dollar sign event.
Name.
So again, dollar sign event is any argument that we pass in here to the dollar sign admit method.
In our child component we pass up the string with the currently entered text.
We get that as dollar sign event in the parent and that allows us to write it in line like.
So that's I think another advantage of methods by the way, is we can give that parameter, whatever
name we want, we can call it payload, we can call it data compared to sticking with views way we can
kind of customize it and again move more of the logic away from the template.
So I generally prefer the methods approach, but this is also an alternate syntax and I do want you
to be introduced to it in this lesson and of course it just to make sure everything is still functional.
Let me transition to my browser.
I mean, refresh, let me type a couple of characters here.
So roll hello, wear goodbye me refresh here and then go into my job search form and we can see we are
still getting those properties, the data properties that is updated from our child's palette.
That's all there is to cover in this lesson.
So I will see you in the next one.